README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker

## Description 

### Example gif

![Example of application](./assets/emptk.gif)

## Table of contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Contributors](#Contributors)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Repository Link](#Repository)
- [GitHub Info](#GitHub) 
## Installation
  Run:

        npm i
        
## Usage
  This command-line application dynamically generates a Team Profile from a user's input. The application will be invoked with the following command:

        node app.js

  The user will be prompted with teammate information pertaining to there ID, Email, Office Number/Github, and or school.
## Licence
![APM](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/npm)
## Contributors
Just me Jordan Kirby
## Test
jest was used
## Repository
- [employee tracker](https://github.com/Feizhi255/employee-tracker)
## GitHub
![Image of me](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/64999600?v=4)
- Jordan Kirby
- [Feizhi255](https://github.com/Feizhi255)
## Questions? send me an email
- <jrock255@hotmail.com>

Commit message:

made changes to readme description

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker

## Description 
Keep track of employee info on job title, salary, department_id, and salary.

### Example gif

![Example of application](./assets/emptk.gif)

## Table of contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Contributors](#Contributors)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Repository Link](#Repository)
- [GitHub Info](#GitHub) 
## Installation
  Run:

        npm i
        
## Usage
  This command-line application helps keep track of employees postion in the company and there other info. The application will be invoked with the following command:

        node employeeDB.js

  The user will be prompted with teammate information here u can add update and view makes changes where needed.
## Licence
![APM](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/npm)
## Contributors
Just me Jordan Kirby
## Test
jest was used
## Repository
- [employee tracker](https://github.com/Feizhi255/employee-tracker)
## GitHub
![Image of me](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/64999600?v=4)
- Jordan Kirby
- [Feizhi255](https://github.com/Feizhi255)
## Questions? send me an email
- <jrock255@hotmail.com>
